[OSP] Support SR-IOV in UPI (#28315)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-control-compute-machines.adoc

run as many as you can.
====

ifdef::osp-sr-iov[]

> Additionally, for clusters that use single-root input/output virtualization (SR-IOV), {rh-openstack} compute nodes require a flavor that supports link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.1/html/configuring_the_compute_service_for_instance_creation/configuring-compute-nodes-for-performance#configuring-huge-pages-on-compute-nodes-osp[huge pages].

Reviewer: Is "flavor" the best word here? 🤷

Author: Yeah. It's an OpenStack thing. 😁

[IMPORTANT]
====

> SR-IOV deployments often employ performance optimizations, like dedicated or isolated CPUs. For maximum performance, configure your underlying {rh-openstack} deployment to use these optimizations, and then run {product-title} compute machines on the optimized infrastructure.

Reviewer: s/like/such as

Author: ```suggestion
SR-IOV deployments often employ performance optimizations, such as dedicated or isolated CPUs. For maximum performance, configure your underlying {rh-openstack} deployment to use these optimizations, and then run {product-title} compute machines on the optimized infrastructure.
```
